command: add
command: addid
command: addtagid
command: channels
command: clear
command: clearerror
command: cleartagid
command: close
command: commands
command: config
command: consume
command: count
command: crossfade
command: currentsong
command: decoders
command: delete
command: deleteid
command: disableoutput
command: enableoutput
command: find
command: findadd
command: idle
command: kill
command: list
command: listall
command: listallinfo
command: listfiles
command: listmounts
command: listplaylist
command: listplaylistinfo
command: listplaylists
command: load
command: lsinfo
command: mixrampdb
command: mixrampdelay
command: mount
command: move
command: moveid
command: next
command: notcommands
command: outputs
command: password
command: pause
command: ping
command: play
command: playid
command: playlist
command: playlistadd
command: playlistclear
command: playlistdelete
command: playlistfind
command: playlistid
command: playlistinfo
command: playlistmove
command: playlistsearch
command: plchanges
command: plchangesposid
command: previous
command: prio
command: prioid
command: random
command: rangeid
command: readcomments
command: readmessages
command: rename
command: repeat
command: replay_gain_mode
command: replay_gain_status
command: rescan
command: rm
command: save
command: search
command: searchadd
command: searchaddpl
command: seek
command: seekcur
command: seekid
command: sendmessage
command: setvol
command: shuffle
command: single
command: stats
command: status
command: sticker
command: stop
command: subscribe
command: swap
command: swapid
command: tagtypes
command: toggleoutput
command: unmount
command: unsubscribe
command: update
command: urlhandlers
command: volume
OK
